How to run the COhPy monthly meeting

Before Meeting:

    Host 
    Add cohpy and techlifecolumbus head counts
    to figure out how much food to order
        https://www.meetup.com/Central-Ohio-Python-Users-Group/
        https://www.meetup.com/techlifecolumbus/events/calendar/

    MC
    Download COhPy Monthly Meeting slides (https://github.com/cohpy/PreMeetingBanners).
    Update and display slides.

18:00: Welcome

    Let folks know to eat and socialize until 18:30.
        Pizza, salad, beverages on tap, wine bottles, cookies, and items in fridge.
    Parking 'in front' (South)  will be towed.  Park in rear (North).

18:30: announcements and introductions

    Welcome
        All are welcome (complete beginners and experts).
    Thank hosts for pizza, salad, beverages, and cookies.
        Be sure to respond to meetup so host knows how much pizza to order.
        When you're done eating please...
         -Throw away your trash.
         -Rinse off dishes in sink.
         -Put dishes in dishwasher or next to sink.
    Monthly Meetings
        Announce date of next meeting.
        Usually they occur the last monday of each month.
    Dojos
        Weekly informal meeting.
        Group study and great place for beginners to start.
        Great place to ask questions.
        Library of Python books to lend.
    Lunches
        Occasional, but can be announced by anyone.
        Feel free to post when/where to technical mailing list.
    PyOhio (pyohio.org)
        Free annual Python conference at the Ohio Union on OSU campus.
        Last weekend in July.
    Two ways to stay in touch
        COhPy technical mailing list (link from cohpy.org).
        Meeting Announcements (meetup.com).

    Offer host to talk about their organization

    Who is here for first time, please raise your hand

        Others introduce yourself to people with hands raised

    Who is here from out of town?

    Have three first timers and three repeat attendees introduce themselves to group

    Ask for folks who have announcement about events

    Announce next meeting again (especially if date is not last Monday)

    Work

        Who is looking for work?
        Who is looking for folks to do work?

    Introduce presentations

Presentations

19:55 Remind presenter to wrap it up.

    (Set vibrate alarm on cell phone.)

20:00 Hard stop, Adjourn to Brazenhead

    We do not run over our allotted time!
    If presenter persists, start clapping and then thank them for their presentation.
    
    Announce adjournment to Brazenhead

        Show brazenhead web page or slide with street address.
        http://www.hdrestaurants.com/brazenhead/5thavenue/

    Ask folks to help:
        Take dishes back to kitchen area.
        Put tables and chairs back where they were.
        Clean table tops.
